# Hub-Client-Management
Forms and reports app for improving non-profit service delivery and efficiency. 

The Upcounty Distribution HUB (the HUB) is a grass-roots community effort to deliver essential items to residents of Germantown, Clarksburg, Gaithersburg, Boyds, Montgomery Village and Damascus, MD who have lost jobs, income, fmaily members or are otherwise suffering in the wake of the COVID 19 pandemic. All services are free and no documentation or proof of need or citizenship is required. The HUB receives donations of food, formula, diapers, wipes, baby formula and hygiene kits. They then deliver these supplies directly to the households that request assistance. Households with their own transportation are asked to pick up their items at designated times/locations.

This software is being developed to improve the quality of services while reducing the data entry burden on the HUB staff and increasing the efficiency of the operation. Once it is fully implemented, new clients will request assistance through an online form that gathers data about the household members and their needs. HUB staff will also be able to enter new client information. On delivery days, HUB staff can quickly virw and print lists of delivery stops, organized by zipcode, and augmented with totals of delivery items for each day and each area.

This application will also be useful in tracking key trends in the client population such as the COVID status, employment status, average age, and total number of recipients. The ability to track and view these trends will assist in planning for funding, staffing and infrastructure. It will also allow greater cooperation and coomunication with other non-profit, community- based and government organizations with overlapping missions.
